Dreams in which I’m Flying

It was the gentle rush of the river that eventually awoke him. Max Montice found himself covered in dirt, lying in a bed of leaves he did not remember making. In fact, Max remembered very little of what had happened the past few days. He had been on his way to Florida, it was his first trip on a plane. But after that, things just went fuzzy. Max tried to focus on what had led him to find himself on the ground in a forest, but nothing was coming to mind. Suddenly, Max was very afraid.
He scrambled to his feet, knees nearly buckling beneath him. Tears began pouring out of his eyes and his vision became blurry. Where was he? Where were his parents? How could they have abandoned him, just 11 years old, sleeping in a forest! Any number of tragedies could have befallen him. But Max was a big boy now, certainly too old to be crying… for more than a couple minutes. When he had composed himself, he took a look around. There wasn’t much to see other than trees. Max walked towards the river – more of a stream, really – he had heard earlier and leaned down to wash the dirt off his face. He kneeled down and – what was that? Funny, for a moment he could have sworn that his mother was calling his name.
He paid the strange sound no attention and resumed washing. When the dirt had been cleansed from all the crevices of his face, Max stood once more and took in his surroundings a second time. Trees, rocks, river, sky, clouds – one that looked strangely familiar. He pondered a moment as he looked to the oddly shaped cloud. His father! It looked just like his dad! What a strange coincidence, thought Max. He was almost tempted to investigate when a sudden rustle of the bush across the stream caught his attention. A little rabbit, the cutest Max had ever seen, hopped out of the bush and cocked its head inquisitively at Max. Max, a well versed boy scout, gingerly dropped to one knee and began coaxing the rabbit with his fingers. The bunny took note and leaped across the trickling stream. He scampered right up to Max and sniffed tentatively at his outstretched hand. Max smiled and reached into his pocket for a carrot, snapping a piece off and offering it to the – wait. Since when did Max carry carrots in his back pocket?
Max dropped the carrot and backed away from the bunny. Where had that carrot come from? Had it always been there? He didn’t remember it from before. No, it most definitely was not there before. Panic gripped Max once more and, terrified, he began to twirl about wildly in every direction, looking for another person. But there was nobody around! Nobody except… was that his father again? There, next to the old tree! He looks rather sad, shouldn’t he be happy to see Max? Does it matter? His father had returned! Max took off sprinting towards his father’s figure when the ground beneath him fell away. A gorge! Small enough that Max had not noticed it but certainly deep enough to swallow him whole! Max fell, but for only a second – just enough to launch his stomach into his throat. When Max looked down, the only thing beneath him was… air? Max was scared, but curious. Mostly he just wanted to be with his dad, back in his comforting arms, back where it was safe. With every warm thought of his father, Max noticed himself begin to rise. Slowly, at first, then very quickly. Just the thought of returning to his father sent Max a little higher into the air every second. He inched his way out of the gorge with only the image of reuniting with his dad. When Max was no longer in danger, the memory of the figure next to the tree slipped away. Max could fly! Well, hover. But perhaps this was just the first step? Oh how Max wished his mother were here to see this!
“I’m right here, honey, Mommy’s here,” but Max was not listening. He was too enthralled by the idea of flying anywhere his imagination could take him! And with that, Max took off! He shot dozens, no, HUNDREDS of feet into the air! The ground beneath him fell away once more, but this time Max was climbing. Straight up, higher and higher! The view was breathtaking, especially to an eleven year old who could hardly comprehend the beauty the world had to offer. If only Max had a camera to preserve this moment!
And then he did. Just like that, Max found himself snapping a photo of the dazzling landscape. A camera had managed to find its way into his pocket, just as the carrot had. What about a cape, what if Max had a cape? That’d be perfect. And then he did. Just like that. To an eleven year old, this was too good to be true. Heck, to anybody this would be amazing! Everything Max wanted was waiting for him, right at his fingertips! All he had to do was ask. For one fleeting moment, Max thought of his parents. He certainly wanted them back... But did he want them back as much as he wanted a jawbreaker? And suddenly he had one. That was that, this was certainly better than getting back to his parents. Max thought, I can return to them at any time. But will I ever have another chance to fly? Max did not want to take that risk. And so, for now, Max would leave his world of cares behind him. If Max had only held on for one more moment, he might have heard his mother, one last time – “Max, come back to me.” But Max was gone, off for a world of adventure, to return only when this fantasy had come to an end.
The white walls of the emergency room cast a brilliant glare into the wet eyes of Lucy and Daryll Montice. Their faces were soaked with tears from their night of sobbing over the still body of their only child, Max. When their pilot suffered a stroke over North Carolina, most everybody had been saved by the heroic actions of a man well practiced in travel and the piloting of a plane. Everybody except one young, eleven year old boy. He had been placed in the intensive care unit upon arrival to St. Luke’s but was soon transferred to the youth ward, under the watchful eye of Dr. Mitchell. He was quickly stabilized but passed into a coma late into the night. His parents had not left his side throughout the entire ordeal. They spoke softly to him, caressed him, prayed for his safe return into their arms. All they wanted was their son back.